what cold sure Bobby's know
mr. Constantine I'd like to ask you a
few questions I know the circles you
travel in they call exorcisms they're
easy they hammer its dragon's breath I
thought you couldn't get it in those ago
I thought that you can at least point me
in the right direction
yeah please
what if I told you that God in the devil
made of weight that the souls of all
mankind no direct contact with humans
that would be the rule just influence
see who would win demon stained him and
rose in heaven they call it the balance
I need to see what you see you do this
there's no time back you see them
they see you understand
[Music]
budell